1.Inline function
Inline elements are those which only occupy the space bounded by the tags defining the element, 
instead of breaking the flow of the content.
Every HTML element has a default display value, depending on what type of element it is.
There are two display values:

 block and inline.

2.class and structure
The structure is a user-defined data type that combines logically related data items of different data types, whereas a CLASS is a blueprint or a set of instructions to build specific types of objects.
 The structure is a value type data type, whereas class is a reference type data type

3.Pass by reference and value
Is there pass-by-reference in Java?
Java always passes arguments by value, NOT by reference.
Java always passes parameter variables by value. Object variables in Java always point to the real object in the memory heap. A mutable object's value can be changed when it is passed to a method.

4.Reference type and value type
	A Value Type holds the data within its own memory allocation and a Reference Type contains a pointer to another memory location that holds the real data.


5.What is overloading and overriding?
Overloading occurs when two or more methods in one class have the same method name but different parameters. Overriding occurs when two methods have the same method name and parameters

6.Oops
OOPs (Object-Oriented Programming System) ... Object means a real-world entity such as a pen, chair, table, computer, watch, etc.

What are the 4 basics of OOP?
Image result for Oops
The main ideas behind Java's Object-Oriented Programming, OOP concepts include abstraction, encapsulation, inheritance and polymorphism.
...
Java defines OOP concepts as follows:
Abstraction. Using simple things to represent complexity. ...
Encapsulation. ...
Inheritance. ...
Polymorphism.

7.Abstraction 
Abstraction is the process of hiding the internal details of an application from the outer world. Abstraction is used to describe things in simple terms. It's used to create a boundary between the application and the client programs


